---
layout: post
title: In a world
date: 2021-07-09 17:28:30 -0400
categories: life-advice
---
# In a world, where people are happy

These days, people aren't really that happy, unfortunately. With Covid, deaths, politics, hate, the stress of making payments, working, etc. It can be really tough to be happy.

So how does one *become* happy?

Well, I don't know. But I can give you some ideas

## 1. Find something to do
One of the best things you can do is find a project that you can work on, preferably in the real world and not on your computer (however, anything is better than nothing). Also try to involve other people in it.

Working with other people not only gives you some much needed friendship but it also can remove the echo chamber of negative thoughts your brain can produce.
Doing something such as playing a card game or going out to eat and talking with friends can help you rejuvenate yourself and let you feel happy again.

Try to find something that needs fixing or something you would like to add around your living space. If you live in a house maybe build a bird house. If you live in an apartment, build a coffee table. Find something to add to where you live and make it!

## 2. Sleep properly
A function that is needed to improve your mental health and reenergize yourself is often the most neglected functionality of the human body.
Sleep is not only important for "recharging" your brain but also helps you be less depressed and find something to work towards.

Most people sleep poorly or have a messed up sleep schedule, myself included. It can, and does, feel awful and it feels like you can't break out of the bad habit you got yourself into.
What I do (or at least *try* to do) is put away my computer and phone and read a book before sleeping. The blue light from a computer's screen messes with your brain, as it perceives the light and thinks that it's still the middle of the day and does not allow your body to produce melatonin.
Reading a book helps because it both removes the blue light and also allows you to wind down before sleeping.

## 3. Relationships
As mentioned in point 1, friends can help a lot, both by removing the echo chamber of negative thoughts and emotions and being there to help you through rough parts in your life.
Being friends with someone allows one to boost the other and work towards getting out a ditch they've found themselves in.

Finding a friend can be tricky though, especially if you're shy like myself and have trouble talking to other people.

The way I've made my friends is through doing things that I like and finding a community around that. For example, I used to play a mobile video game and I found my way onto a community Discord server surrounding it. Then, I started to become a regular and then picked up some friends off of it. Though I no longer play the game anymore, I'm glad I was able to find other people to talk to and become friends with.

# Conclusion

Life is tricky and weird and most of the time very unfair, however we can encourage each other and still make the best of it even though everything is basically on fire.

The worse thing you could do is not give your brain anything to do. Mindlessly watching tv, scrolling through social media, or browsing video sites for ages won't help you feel better.

Find something to do **and do it!**

### I hope this could encourage you to start to get better and feel happier :)

Have a blessed day
