---
layout: post
title: When The
date: 2022-07-27 12:46:56 -0400
---

# When The
On the internet there exists a place called https://reddit.com/r/whenthe, a humorous subreddit filled with gifs containing strange, odd, and sometimes funny captions.
It's pretty fun and you should check it out.

<br>

# Furries
I think one of the most lucrative businesses on the internet today is furry art. For some reason, a person with a wolf fursona profile picture has enough money to keep commissioning artwork from different artists.
I mean, the artists sure are happy but I wonder if they ever bat an eye at how much furries are willing to pay to get a wolf-person with a 2 foot cock drawn by some random on the internet.

So here's a tip, kids, if you want to get lots and lots of money, learn to draw furries. It'll help pay for college.

<br>

# Disturbing videos on the internet and the fascination with death
With the internet being so wide and popular, there are so many different types of content that has a seemingly endless supply. Want wholesome dog videos? Take a thousand. Want random anime girls getting fucked by fat, ugly bastards? We've got plenty. Wanna watch someone die in a brutal way? Sure, have fun.

Disturbing videos are interesting, in my opinion, for a few reasons. One of which is that it shows how fragile human life is. It doesn't take too much to have a person go from living and breathing to limp and dead, and it doesn't take much time either.
For example, I watched a video about a fight that took place in an Australian food court, with one of the involved having a knife. At some point one person comes up to the person wielding a knife and he gets stabbed in a major artery. He passed out in about 15 seconds and was dead soon thereafter.

It's also oddly terrifying to watch someone who's alive and healthy go to dead in just a few seconds, whether it be on purpose by someone else or a complete accident.

There's also the more tame, yet still terrifying side of the internet with creepy videos, and horrifying events. For that side, one of my favourites to go to is [Nexpo](https://www.youtube.com/c/Nexpo) on YouTube. He has a series called "Disturbing Things from Around the Internet" and they're really entertaining to watch and I highly recommend it.

## I did not mean to have furries followed up by disturbing things, but if you think about it hard enough, perhaps they are both the same things :)
